Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at sharing our gist with other people.
I'm currently logged into GitHub; I'm on my user's account on the newsfeed page.
I'm going to click on "Gist" or "Gist" to go to the main gist page.
I have my ".bash_profile" gist from before.
If I click on "See all of your gists", I have it right here.
And I click on the name of the gist; once I do that, I'll land on the gist page.
This one actually has two files associated with it,
and typically the way that we share this with other people is simply
to reference it by the URL; this URL is unique to this gist.
So, I'm going to copy it, and then include that link in emails,
or forums, or anywhere else that I'm posting, perhaps on my own website.
I could optionally use a URL shortener to make the URL a little shorter
and/or provide a little bit more user-friendly version of the URL.
For example, if I go to "bitly.com", I can paste in that URL,
and then I would copy that, and provide that in the forum or email,
or any other communication with others.